feat: Add Wolfi development variants of Bluefin CLI and Wolfi Toolbox (#30)
ublue-os/toolboxes: README.md

The intended endstate of `bluefin-cli` is a fully automated declarative config managed via git using Wolfi packages for clean rebuilds daily. `brew` is used to fill out the "long tail" of existing software.

> Both `bluefin-cli` and `wolfi-toolbox` have Wolfi developer variants built from the Wolfi SDK image, intended for Wolfi package and image development. They include utilities such as melange, wolfictl, and apko. These are pushed to the `latest-dev` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `bluefin-cli` and `wolfi-toolbox` have Wolfi developer variants built from the Wolfi SDK image, intended for Wolfi package and image development. They include utilities such as melange, wolfictl, and apko. These are pushed to the `testing` tag.
```
